                              Limited License

For viewing the source code of the application “JUtils”, a minecraft plugin.

Copyright (c) 2019 - 2021 just-dev-creator. All rights reserved.

  The Source Code is made available solely for the purpose of being viewed for
personal, non-commercial purposes on a non-exclusive, non-sublicensable and
non-transferrable basis. Beyond that, no further rights are granted hereunder.

  The viewer shall not (and shall not cause any third party to), directly or
indirectly: (a) reproduce or otherwise process the Source Code; (b) share or
communicate to the public the Source Code; (c) copy the Source Code on a public
or shared network; (d) modify, adjust, or translate the Source Code or create
derivative works that are based on the Source Code; or (e) otherwise use the
Source Code for commercial or non-commercial purposes.

  justCoding does not assume any express or implied liability or warranty
for the Source Code.

  justCoding shall be entitled to revoke this limited license at any time
without prior notice.

  The removal or modification of any proprietary notices from or in connection
with the Source Code shall be prohibited.

  The mandatory laws of the country of the viewer’s usual place of residence
(i.e. the provisions of the law of that country which cannot be derogated from 
by agreement) shall apply. In all other respects, the laws of the Federal 
Republic of Germany shall apply. Any disputes arising out of or in connection 
with this limited license shall be submitted to the competent courts of Berlin, 
Germany.

  The viewer acknowledges that certain components of the Source Code have been
created by third parties who (i) limit the use of such third party components 
under separate licensing terms, or (ii) allow the use of such third party 
components in deviation from this limited license (in particular, so called Free 
and Open Source Software, hereinafter “Third Party Components”). To such extent, 
such licensing terms shall prevail over this limited license and the viewer is 
solely responsible for complying therewith.